---
title: Homework
module: 3
jotted: false
toc: false
topic: Homework Specifications
---

## Submission

You should submit your two rendered stereo bounces and your discussion to the submission forum. Please make a new post and upload accordingly.
 As you can imagine by now, your homework is to capture a number of field recordings and soundscapes. 
 Do These steps one at a time. It looks like a lot but break it into "baby steps."
 
1. You should then audition these and select two 60-90 second selections. Find your favorite parts of all your recordings.

    2. The first of these selections should be a soundscape, that is distanced from any single event. This means you are trying to capture everything you hear.

   3. The second should either be a field recording that;
      - Emphasizes a single sound primarily. Meaning if you drop a rock into the river, that sound effect should stand out from kids screaming or dogs barking.
      - Or the phone is placed in an unusual location that records and creates a unique or unexpected take on the soundscape. Be careful not to place your phone anywhere it might get damaged!
4. These selections should be normalized to -6 dBFS. After normlaizing, you still may need to lower the gain if the track is clipping--when you play the track, do you see the signal hitting red? This is too loud.
   
5. These selected tracks should have a fade-in and fade-out applied!! It is painful to push play and audio to smack you in the eardrum. Having a fade allows a recording to start smoothly.
   
6. These tracks should be rendered out as a **timeline-selection, ensuring they are between 60-90sec. With file format .wav files, at 44100 kHz, 24bit
   
7. Then upload on the exported stereo files to Canvas.
   
8. Write in your homework post about your experience. Please discuss;
   1. Your experience of capturing a number of locations and sources.
   2. Why you chose the locations/situations you did and what you hoped to capture?
   3. Your experience listening back on your computer and choosing two selections.
   4. Why you ultimately chose the selections you did? (i.e. what was it about these   selections that intrigued you)
      
   9. Finally, please discuss any problem you ran into.


